Update to rules format 1.1 (#2220)
auto-wcag/auto-wcag: pages/glossary/outcome.md

objective: true
---

> A conclusion that comes from evaluating an ACT Rule on a [test subject][] or one of its constituent test target. An outcome can be one of the five following types:

Reviewer: The format of other [glossary](https://act-rules.github.io/glossary/) definitions include the _term is_ so suggesting that stay in:

```suggestion
An _outcome_ is a conclusion that comes from evaluating an ACT Rule on a [test subject][] or one of its constituent test target. An outcome can be one of the five following types:
```

Author: This is taken from the new outcome definition: https://www.w3.org/TR/act-rules-format-1.1/#outcome

Author: Discussed in TF.

- **Inapplicable:** No part of the test subject matches the applicability
- **Passed:** A [test target][] meets all expectations
- **Failed:** A [test target][] does not meet all expectations

> - **cantTell:** Whether the rule is applicable, or not all expectations were met could not be fully determined by the tester.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **cantTell:** Whether the rule is applicable, or whether all expectations were met could not be fully determined by the tester.
```

Author: We should make this change in the rules format first.

> - **Untested**: The tester has not attempted to evaluate the test subject.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Untested**: The test subject was not evaluated for the rule.
```
